Performed POC on VBCS Bell Notification.
Performed research and analysis on the Load File Generation Monitoring screen by collaborating with Manish, Nitish, Mahesh, Dushyanth, and Mohan from NCP.
Developed Migration Status Tracker for load file generation.
Performed Cloudbridge configuration enhancements.
Collaborated and conducted meetings to bring the CITCO team on board in getting the validation scripts and codes.
Reviewed, integrated, and tested the validation scripts of FA, GL, PO, and AP.
Reviewed and integrated code comparison of FA, GL, and ZX.
Developed trackers for validation scripts and code comparison.
Developed and modified the installation document and validation document with validation details.
Mentored and monitored the team and reviewed their tasks.
Conducted sprint planning and scrum calls.
Supported RBKC, CITCO,  and BoE teams.
Collaborated with Jim Venn and Sumanth for Intelligent Account Combination Defaulting.
Collaborated with Praveen for Document Reading and supported the process by validating, reviewing, and providing feedback.
Developed Python scripts to perform Web Scraping on Oracle websites.
Performed research and analysis on Visual Builder Studio and its applications.
Developed POC on VB Studio and highlighted the issues.
Bought the courses to support the AI deliverables.
Achieved Oracle Artificial Intelligence 2024 Sales Specialist certification.
Completed all the organization's mandates and objectives.

Integrated Customer Tax, General Ledger, Fixed Assets, Supplier Tax, Purchase Orders code, and Project Validations from Citco to Cloudbridge.
Analysed FA validation integration from Citco.
Researched, Configured, Implemented, and Tested all the HCM Journeys.
Documented and demonstrated VBS.
Researched, Developed, and Demonstrated AT Audit Report using Python and Open AI.
Lead the team in sprint planning and scrum calls.
Collaborated and supported the teams in achieving the outcomes.
Collaborated with Citco Teams to bring everyone on the same boat and use resources well.
Supported RBKC and  AnPost in configuration and resolving issues around it.


Collaborated with Ayush to improve the prompt tuning of the AT Audit Report and achieved the desired results.
Guided and supported Sinchana in achieving the Count Generation segment of the AT Audit Report using Python.
Integrated total changes and made a final working code of AT Audit Report and submitted the result for review.
Collaborated with Shireesha for the VBCS screen analysis and development of the DOE Timetable.
Developed and demonstrated multiple Redwood-themed screens for DOE Timetable.
Guided and mentored Ayush in understanding the concept of Web Scraping using Python and assisted him in the setting up of the Python environment.
Developed multiple Redwood-themed screens for Document Understanding.
Developed a working Redwood Guided-themed screen for Document Understanding and demonstrated it to the team.
Assisted Ayush by developing the  VBCS Screen for FBDI script creation.
Researched on the web to mobile conversions in VBCS.
Developed PWA of Document Understanding VBCS web page.
Completed the Generative AI certification.