Adam							Surface of the earth, ground, or dust
Aatif / Atif					The Kind one, Affectionate
Ayyub							To return to God. Also, name of a Prophet of Allah (swt).
Azhar							Shining, Luminous, Brilliant or Clear
Anwar							Most bright, most brilliant, friend, companion
Asad							literally meaning lion
Asad Allāh						Lion of Allah
Aslam							Very safe, safeguarded, one who is protected from calamities
Asgar							Smallest, minute
Anees							One who makes acquaintances, friend, genial
Akbar							The greatest, honourable
Athar							Most pious, meticulously neat, clean, organized
Ashfaaq							Kindness, favours
Ameen / Amin					Trustworthy, trustee, honest. 
								Nick name of Prophet Muhammad (saw) as he was known to the Meccans because of his nobility
Anjum								Stars
Awais								gifted, bestowed, or can mean little wolf. .Uwais / Owais – live during Prophet’s lifetime but never met him
									Not Sahabah, classified as Tabiun. Fought in battle alongside Ali (ra) and killed in battle
Anas								Person who brings joy and peace. Also, come from root innas (mankind) of mind.
Amaan								safety, security, protection.
Amanullah							God’s peace, God’s safety
Akhlaq								morality, integrity, disposition, nature, temper, ethics, morals or manners (of a person)
Ameer / Amir						Commander, noble-person, chief, or leader.
Azmat								Greatness, might, or importance
Akram								benevolent, most gracious
Asim								shield, protector, guardian, a person who keeps away from sins
Arshad								Well-guided person, upright, or most mature.
Aahil								Prince or great king (ruler or emperor)
Aalam								World
Aalim								Religious scholar, knowledgeable
Aamil								Doer, worker, striver
Aqib / Aaqib			Final, Successor, Following, Subsequent. One of the nicknames belonging to Prophet Muhammad (saws)
Aqil / Akeel, Aaqil		knowledgeable, intelligent, wise, sensible or reasonable.
Aarif					Knowing, aware
Ariz					Active, energetic
Aaryan					one who belongs to the noble people
Aashif					Bold, courageous
Aashir					Wealthy
Aashir					Wealthy
Aasif / Asif			An able minister, strong, stormy, and fierce
Aaus					Name of a tree
Abaan					Meaning of name is not understood. An old Arabic name.
Abbas					Lion.  It is the name of many companions of Prophet Muhammad.
Adeel					Virtuous, one who acts with justice and fairness. The one who is moderate.
Adnan					One who settles for a long time in a place. Eternal settlement.
Affan					chaste, modest, or pure.
Ashaar					Fierce like a lion.
Ahsan					the most beautiful or handsome
Ali					Lofty, sublime, noble, superb. Common name among Muslims out of love for Ali bin Abi Talib. The cousin of Prophet Muhammad (saws).
Ahmed / Ahmad				The one deserving most deserving of praise due to their good character. (Same meaning as Muhammad)
Aaron / Harun				high mountain. It is the name of Prophet Harun (Aaron), brother of Prophet Musa, or Moses.
Arif / Aarif				knowledgeable
Arsalan					Lion, fearless like a lion.
Ayaan					God’s gift, a gift of god, reward, or blessing.
Azan					call for worship, announcement
Afeef					Virtuous, Chaste, Pious
Affan					Avoider of sin, chaste, virtuous, and pure.
Aabid					Worshiper, the one who worships Allah (swt).
Aadil / Adil				Just, Upright
Aazim / Azim				Determined, of having firm resolve, or resolute.
Aaban						Meaning not understood, old Arabic name. Also, name of an Angel.




AAYAN
MEANING:  God’s gift


ADEEL
MEANING:  virtuous, one who acts with justice and fairness


AFREEN
MEANING:   beautiful


ALI
MEANING:   lofty, sublime



AQIB
MEANING:   successor


ARSALAN
MEANING:   lion, fearless



ASAD
MEANING:   lion


ASIM
MEANING:   guardian, protector



AYAN
MEANING:  time, era, epoch


ABBAS
MEANING:  stern, lion


ADNAN
MEANING:  one who settles for a long time in a place


ASHAR
MEANING:  one who has wisdom


AHMED
MEANING:  one who deserves constant praise due to their good character


AMIR
MEANING:   prince


ARHAM
MEANING:   compassionate, kind


ARSHAD
MEANING:   rightly-guided


ATIF
MEANING:  compassionate, sympathetic


ATIF
MEANING:  compassionate, sympathetic


AYYAN
MEANING:  time, era, epoch


ABDULLAH
MEANING:  servant of God


AFAN
MEANING:  chaste, modest



AHSAN
MEANING:  the best, the most beautiful


ANAS
MEANING:  friendliness



ARIF
MEANING:   knowledgeable


ARYAN
MEANING:   one who belongs to the noble people


ASIF
MEANING:  strong, powerful, fierce


AYAAN
MEANING:  God’s gift



AYAAN
MEANING:  God’s gift



AZAAN
MEANING:  call for worship, announcement



Arham	Mercy, Compassion, Kindness	ارحام
Ayan	Gift Of God, Reward, Blessing	آیان
Ayaan	Gift Of God, Reward, Generosity	آیان
Aryan	Warrior, invasionary mind people, related to prehistoric Arya people	آریان
Anas	Affection, Love, Pleasant Companionship	انس
Azlan	Lion, Brave, Courageous man	ازلان
Ali		Eminent, Noble, High In Rank	علی
Aayan	God’s Gift, Manifest, Blessing	عایان
Arish	Righteous, Nobel, A Brave Solider	عریش
Adnan	Settler, One Who Settle For A Long Time In A Place, Paradise	عدنان
Asif	Forgiveness, Strong, Powerful, Fierce	آصف
Asad	Lion, Virtuous, Fortunate	اسد
Abdullah	Servant Of Allah, Obedient, Name Of Prophet’s Father	عبداللہ
Ahad	One, Unique, Matchless, Another Name For God	احد
Aaron	Exalted One, Enlightened, High Mountain	ارون
Arabi	Arabian	عربی
Ayaz	Cool Breeze, Night Breeze, A Servant Of Sultan Mehmood	ایاز
Ahmed	Praise Worthy, Noble, Commendable, Name Of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH)	احمد
Afan	To Forgive, A Person Who Forgives, Modest	عفان
Abrar	Virtuous, Pious, Great Man	ابرار
Aman	Safety, Protection, Peace	امان
Ahmad	Praiseworthy, Commendable, Noble, Admirable	احمد
Arsalan	Lion, Brave man, Warrior In Afghan	ارسلان
Ahil	Emperor, Ruler, Great Leader	آہل
Abaan	Mountain’s Name, Clear, Name Of A Companion	ابان
Adyan	Religious, Pious, Creeds, Plural Of Deen	ادیان
Arif	Knowledgeable, Learned, Expert, Authority	عارف
Azhar	Flowers, Blossoms, THE MOST SHINING LUMINOUS	اظہر
Aamir	Civilized, Amply Settled, Prosperous, Full of life	عامر
Azaan	Call To Prayer, Power, Strength	آزان
Azan	Call To Prayer, Power, Strength	اذان
Ammar	Long-Lived, God-Fearing, Pious	عمار
Arshan	Strong And Brave Man, A Character In Shahnameh (Kavous' Brother)	ارشن
Abu-Turab	Clay’s Father, An Attributive Of Caliph Ali	بوتراب
Arshad	Better Guided, Honest, Most Rightly Guided, Most Reasonable	ارشد
Atif	The kind One, Kind Hearted, Compassionate	عاطف
Abir	Aroma; Strong	عابر
Azhaan	Geniuses, Intellects, Wits, Abilities	أذهان
Ahnaf	The straight path, worshiper of Allah	أحنف
Abeer	Scent, Perfume, Fragrance	ابیر
Abbas	Lion, Stern, Serious Grim-Faced	عباس
Arab	Wish, Desire	عرب
Ayman	Lucky	ایمن
Ahsan	The Best Of All, Better, Superior.	احسن
Aabid	Worshiper, One Who Worship Allah, God Knows	عابد
Ashar	Wise, Prudent, One Who Has Wisdom, Liveliness	اشعر
Adan	Paradise, Heaven, Garden Of A Heaven	عدن
Arafat	Mount Of Recognition	عرافات
Aban	Clear, Eloquent, Lucid, Distinct	ابان
Aasim	Shield, Protector, Guardian, Rescuer	عاصم
Ahtisham	Glory, honor, greatness	احتشام
Arslan	Lion, Brave Man, Warrior In Afghan	ارسلان
Ameen	Trustworthy	امین
Aftab	The Sun	آفتاب
Aadil	Fairness, Justice	عادل
Aqib	Final, Successor, Following, Subsequent	عاقب
Abid	God'S Worshipper; God Knows	عابد
Adil	Justice	عادل
Aaqib	In Sindhi meaning is : Follower	عاقب
Alam	The Whole World	عالم
Amaan	Variant Of Aman: Protection. Without Fear	امان
Altamash	Army chief	التمش
Anwar	Light	انور
Akhtar	Star. Good Luck.	اختر
Ariz	Firmly, Strong	عریض
Armaan	soldier. Famous Bearer	ارمان
Aslam	Safer; Freer	اسلم
Aahid	Promise, Covenant, The Commitment	عاہد
Abu Zar	Father of money, Rich, One who have alot of Money	ابو زر
Arfan	Intelligent	عرفان
Aafeen	Those Who Forgive, To Forgive Mistake	عافین
Amir	Rich, Prosperous, Populous	عامر
Abad	Everlasting, Eternal	عباد
Arash	Bright arrow	عرش
Arbaaz	Eagle	أرباز
Abdul	Servant Of God	عبدل
Aakif	Given, Attached	آکف
Afzal	Grace	افضل
Alif	To Love	آلف
Aafi	Those Who Forgive, To Forgive	عافی
Altaf	Kinder, More Gentle, Gracious, Tender	الطاف
Akram	Generous	اکرم
Amjad	Greater Glory	امجد
Azeem	Protector, Defender	عظیم
Abu hurairah	Father Of A Kitten	ابُو ہریرہ
Aadam	Variant Of Adam. The Biblical Adam Is The English Language Equivalent.	آدم
Arman	Wish, ultimate goal, greatest desire, ultimate purpose, greatest longing	ارمان
Aarib	Handsome, healthy.	عريب
Ashfaq	Noble Prince	اشفاق
Asim	Shield, Protector, Guardian, Rescuer	آثم
Aslan	In turkish meaning is : Lion	اسلان
Arshman	Pride Of Sky, Price Throne, King Of The Heavens	عرشمان
Arsal	The one who was sent	ارسال
Abdul-hadi	Variant Of Abdul-Haady: Servant Of The Guide	عبد الحادی
Al Amin	An epithet of the Prophet Muhammad (saw)	ال امین
Abdul Ahad	Servant of the One	عبدل احد
Afaq	Horizon Collecting Blessed	آفاق
Ayyan	Gift Of God	آیان
Aabinus	Ebony, Dark Black Color	آبنوس
Aziz	Noble, Exalted, Lofty, Extraordinary	عزیز
Abraham	In American meaning is : Father of a multitude	ابراہیم
Abu	Father	ابو
Ashiq	Lover, Fancier	عاشق
Aadeel	Moderate, Virtuous	عدیل
Ansari	Relation through ancestry	أنصاري
Akhi	My Brother	آخی
Ashir	Wealthy, Grateful, Thankful	عاشر
Akbar	Great	اکبر
Aabideen	Worshipers, Followers	عابدین
Afraz	Very Learned In Divine Law	افراز
Akhil	In Hindu meaning is : Complete	آخیل
Areeb	Skillful, Adroit.	اریب
Anis	Companion, Friend, Lover	آنیس
Afridi	A tribe name	آفریدی
Abdul Hannan	Slave of the Merciful	عبدل حنان
Abu-bakr	Companion Of Muhammad	ابوبکر
Adib	Variant Of Adeeb: Scholar, Cultured, Civil, Well-mannered	ادیب
Azad	Independent Free	آزاد
Azam	Great	اعظم
Ayyash	Bread seller	أيش
Abdul-rahman	Servant Of The Mercifully Gracious	عبد الرحمان
Aarzam	War, battle, quarrel.	رزم
Athar	Very Pious Pure	اطہر
Aas	Naga keep names of the leading Sahabi	عاص
Azim	Great, Magnificent, Admirable, Splendid	عازم
Antar	Rush Boldly In To Danger	عنطر
Anees	Companion Genial Close Friend	انیس
Al	Description Of A Lion, Name Of The Prophets Uncle	ال
Aswad	Black	أسود
Al Faiz	Name of a Fatimid Caliph.	ال فیض
Abdur-rahman	Variant Of Abdul Rahman: One Who Serves A Merciful Man	عبد الرحمان
Ababil	Crowd, Band, Swallow	ابابیل
Adeel	one who acts with justice and fairness”, “moderate”, “virtuous”, “excellent in character	عدیل
Abdul Rafay	The Exaulter, To Elevate Rank	عبد الرافع
Abubakar	In egyptian meaning is : Noble.	ابُو بکر
Ahmar	Red Coloured.	احمر
Ajmal	Extremely Beautiful, Handsome	اجمل
Aafreen	Trustworthy, Excellent, Lucky	عفرین
Azal	That Which Does Not Have A Beginning	عزال
Aftar	Breakfast the east.	أفطر
Aalam	World, Universe	عالم
Ayub	A Biblical Prophet'S Name. Job Is The English Language Equivalent	ایوب
Ansar	Collectting of nasir ,helpful	انصار
Amin	Trustworthy, Honest	امین
Ali Raza	The High, Exalted One, Hope	علی رضا
Arqam	Writer, The Best Recorder	ارقم
Aaid	Visitor, Traveler	آيد
Aun	Friend, Helper	عون
Almir	Prince	المير
Anjum	Stars	انجم
Ahyan	Eras, ages, times.	أحيان
Adam	A Prophet’S Name	عدم
Aarif	Acquainted, Knowledgeable, Devotee	عارف
Ashura	Tenth	عشورہ
Aurangzeb	He Was Wearing A Royal Throne	اورنگ زیب
Ab'ab	Oftnessl Gracefulness Of Youth, Healthy, Plump, Tall	اعباب
Aadroop	Embodiment of the Beginning-less	اڈروپ
Aqeel	Kernel, wise	عقیل
Altan	Mongolian - Golden; Turkic - Red Dawn; A variant of name Altin	التان
Amad	Highly Praised Or One Who Constantly Thanks God	عماد
Ali Hassan	The High, Exalted One, Handsome	علی حسن
Aydin	Clear, Enlightened, Illuminated, Bright	یدین
Aafsar	Fast-Paced, Rapidly That Works	عافسر
Abdul Mannan	Slave of the Benefactor	عبدل مننان
Arsel	To send, to ship, dispatch.	أرسل
Abdul Rehman	Servant of the Most Gracious, servant of Allah	عبدالرحمان
Aameen	Faithful, Trustworthy	آمین
Ahmadullah	I praise Allah.	حمدلله
Arbab	Master, Lords, Gods	ارباب
Adrish	IDEALIST,Mirrors	آدرش
Aleem	Knowledgeable, Wise, Learned, Expert	علیم
Adeeb	Scholar, Litttrateur	ادیب
Awais	gifted, bestowed, little wolf	اويس
Anzar	Pure Gold, Silver	عنضر
Abdul-basit	Variant Of Abdul-Baasit: Servant Of The Extender, Creator	عبد الباسط
Alauddin	Glory of religion (Islam)	الدين
Azar	Scarlet.	آزر
Afif	Chaste, Modest	عفیف
Aish	Live, Enjoy Life	ایش
Aaiez	--	عائز
Abdul-samad	Servant Of The Eternal	عبد الصمد
Aatazaz	Be Dear	اعتزاز
Aasil	To Attack Violently And Persistently	اصیل
Adal	Noble, Precious	عدل
Alim	Intelligent; Learned	عالم
Abu Talha	A great Sahabi who participa	ابو طلحہ
Arad	Name Of An Angel	ارد
Aamin	God Have It So	آمین
Aazam	Supreme, Powerful	اعظم
Aaien	Darwish adjectives	عاہن
Aalif	Compassionate, Affectionate	آلف
A'azz	Mightier, Stronger, Dearer, More Beloved	اعاز
Akif	Attached, Intent.	عاکف
Alamgir	Conqueror Of The World	عالمگیر
Ateeq	Old Ancient.	عتیق
Ali Haider	The High, Exalted One, Lion	علي حيدر
Aamad	Intended To	عامد
Ashab	Master, Friends, Companions	عشب
Aamer	Ruler, Who Ordered	آمر
Aisa	--	عیسیٰ
Abdul-bari	Variant Of Abdul-Baari: Servant Of The Creator	عبد الباری
Aalim	Man Of Learning, Wise	عالم
Arhaam	Merciful	ارحام
Aaghaa	Leader, Ruler, Master, Chief	آغا
Amanullah	Protection of God	أمانلله
Abdul muttalib	Slave Of The One Who Seeks	عبد المُطلب
Aaaqil	One who is wise and intelligent	آقیل
Aamil	Worker, Effective	اعمل
Abdul Qadir	One Who Serves A Capable Man.	عبدالقادر
Atik	NOBLE,Honorable	عاتک
Awan	Quality	اعوان
Azmi	One Who Keeps His Word	عزمی
Abdel	Servant Of God	عبدل
Ashrafi	Gold Coin	اشرافی
Armin	A Character In Shahnameh (Key-ghobad's Son)	ارمین
Arkan	Pl. of Rukn, support, prop	اركان
Aafaq	Collection of horizons, world	آفاق
Abdul-muiz	Servant Of The Giver Of Might And Glory	عبدالمعز
Aabbaz	Swimmer, Floating In Water	آب باز
Afiyat	Good Health, Ease, Comfort	عافیت
Abdul-wahab	Variant Of Abdul-Wahaab: Servant Of The Giver	عبد الوہاب
Aati	Achieves	عاطی
Aayed	Obligor	عاید
Arafah	Vigil, Guard	عرفہ
Aasaf	Clear, Lined Up	آصَف
Abd manaf	Servant Of Manaf	عبد المناف
Atiq	Independent	عاتق
Asadullah	Lion of Allah. Title of Ali	أصدلله
Adad	Power, Victory	عداد
Adi	A Form Of Vasishtha.	عدی
Ali Hamza	The High, Exalted One, From the Arabic meaning "strong" or "steadfast"	علی حمزہ
Ayad	Memory	ایاد
Aaki	To Establishment	عاکی
Abdul-muhaimin	Servant Of The Supervising, Guardian, Protector	عبدالمہیمن
Ashaz	One in a million, name of a sahabi during the time of prophet There is a hadith praising his virtue of patience and obedience to parents	شاذ
Ain	Precious Eye.	عین
Abdul Waase	Servant of the Vast	عبدل واسع
Aaess	Lion, Brave, Fierce-Faced	عائث
Akil	Intelligent, Thoughtful	اکیل
Aaied	Recurrence, Relapse	عائد
Anayat	Favor, Grace	عنایت
Asmar	Deep Yellow, Tawny	اسمار
Aabaad	Slave, Worshiper Of Allah	عباد
Akmal	Perfect	اکمل
Amal	Expectation	عمل
Aliyar	High, Elevated, Champion, Eminent	عالیار
Abdul-aziz	Variant Of Abdul-Azeez: Servant Of The Mighty. The Powerful	عبد العزیز
Aabes	Lion, Brave, Fierce-Faced	عابس
Areesh	Humour	عریش
Abdul-rehman	Variant Of Abdul Rahman: One Who Serves A Merciful Man	عبد الرحمان
Abar	Son Of Arphaxad And Grandson Of Shem.	عبر
Aasaal	Evening Time, Real, Pure	اسال
Abdul Qayyum	Servant of the Self Subsisting	عبدل قیوم
Aabed	Obedient, Worshiper, Respectful	عابد
Aadar	Reverence, Commencement	عادر
Amil	Invaluable; Unavailable	عامل
Arib	Strong, powerful	آرب
Aahil	Great King, Great Leader, Emperor	آہل ۔ آحل
Arfeen	Leader.	عارفين
Amer	Great Tree	امر
Araiz	National leader.	أرز
Akhlaq	More Appropriate	اخلاق
Abyan	Clear, Eloquent	أبين
Ada	Fulfilling A Duty, Paying	ادا
Abbasi	Pertaining To Abbas	عباسی
Aulad	Children, Offspring	اولاد
Aly	The High,exalted One.	اعلے
Asgar	In Hindu meaning is : Devotee	اصغر
Ali Sher	The High, Exalted One, Lion	علی شیر
Aarzu	Wish, hope, love.	آرزو
Aazaad	Variant Of Azad: Independent, Free	آزاد
Aafien	Courageous, Brave, Fearless	عافین
Abdi	Abbreviated Form Of Abdul	عبدی
Auliya	Saints, Fathers	اولیاء
Aagha	Leader, Ruler, Master, Chief	آغا
Abadi	Eternal, Endless, Immortal	آبادی
Ara	Ornament, Decoration	عرا
Ali Akbar	The High, Exalted One, Great	علی اکبر
Abdul Rahim	Servant Of The Most Compassionate.	عبدالرحیم
Afshin	Name Of An Iranian General	افشین
Abaid	God'S Worshipper; God Knows	عبید
Asel	Righteous	عاسل
Alman	Kind, willing and wiseman	المان
Asaf	In hebrew meaning is : Gathers	آصف
Aqdas	Very clean, elderly	اقدس
Ali Asghar	Infant son of Imam Husayn who attained martyrdom in the Karbala when he was a suckling baby	علی اصغر
Aafandi	Elder, respected, good	آفندی
Aaeze	Poor, Needy, Indigent,	عائز
Asghar	Smaller. Younger.	اصغر
Abis	Quick, Alert, Swift	آبص
Aaghaa	Leader, Ruler, Master, Chief	آغا
Aladdin	Height Of Faith	الادین
Azab	Sword, Pleasant	عزب
Absar	Swift	ابصار
Asar	Mark, Print, Effect, Footprint	عصر
Abdul-rauf	Variant Of Abdul-Raouf: Servant Of The Most Merciful	عبد الرؤف
Aoun	Help, Charity	عون
afi	Pure nature	عفی
Adham	Black	ادھم
Abdul razzaq	Servant Of The Provider	عبدالرزاق
Abul Kalam	Father of speech, eloquent.	ابل کلام
Ayyub	To Return To God, To Repent, Name Of Prophet	ایوب
Amatullah	Slave Of God	عمات اللہ
Abdul-mateen	Servant Of The Firm, Strong	عبد المطین
Abdul Sattar	Servant of the Protector	عبدل ستار
Alp	A brave hero known for his valour and sacrifice is a demanding name to take.	الپ
Ayar	Helper, Friend	ایار
As'ad	Happier, Luckier	اسعد
Avir	Great	اویر
Ayoub	In Turkish meaning is : Job	ایوب
Afham	Understanding, wisdom, awareness	افہام
Ahkam	Strong	احکم
Arsham	Very Strong Name Of Dariush's Grandfather	ارشام
Areez	To Say	عریض
Aaqaa	Master, Owner	آقا
Abul bashar	Father Of Man	ابُل بشر
Asam	Bottle rope	اعصام
Arjan	A Kind Of Fir (tree), A Kind Of Mountain Almond	ارجن
Abdal	Substitutes, Persons By Whom God Continues The World In Existence	عبدل
Abul hasan	Father Of Hasan	ابُل حسن
Aibak	Slave Messenger	ایبک
Arvin	Experiment, Trial	عروین
Asil	Pure, Noble	اصیل
Abu Talib	Father of seeker	ابو طالب
Arifin	Saints	عارفين
Ali Shan	The High, Exalted One, Old, Wise	علی شان
Abadullah	To Worship Allah	عباد اﷲ
Aalamgeer	Conqueror Of The World	عالمگیر
Aza	In Hindu meaning is : Comfort	عضہ
Alhan	Eloquence, good voice.	الهان
Arhab	Open-minded, Gracious, , Intellectual	ارهاب
Asaad	More Fortunate	اسعد
Amr	Order, Command	امر
Adalat	Justice	عدالت
Abaj	Eternity	آبج
Arda	Name Of A Priest Of The Magi (during Sassanid Period)	اردہ
Abd	Slave. Servant	عبد
Asmir	Active, pious	آژمیر
Azfar	Most Victorious.	اظفر
Askar	Army	عسکر
Arya	Aryan	عریا
Abu Saeed	Father of dignified	ابو سعید
Aslihan	Noble, High born	اسلیحان
Aufar	Complete, Perfect	اوفار
Alai	In Gaelic meaning is : Defender of man.	علیہ
Asir	Selected, Chosen	اصیر
Ayur	East Wind	ایّور
Ashmal	Perfect, Complete	اشمل
Abdaal	To manage.	ابدال
Atlas	Heavens	اطلس
Aahin	Humble, Firm, Unshakeable	عاہن
Awad	Reward, Compensation	اواد
Abdul-wahid	Variant Of Abdul-Waahid: Servant Of The One	عبد الواحد
Abdul-majid	Variant Of Abdul-Majeed: Servant Of The Glorious One	عبد الماجد
Amiri	Leader, Officer, prince ( Swahili origin )	امیری
Aban	8Th Month Of The Iranian Calendar Name Of A Certain Angel	ابن
Ataur Rahman	Gift of the mercifulah.	عطا الرحمن
Afandi	Mighty	آفندی
Aniq	Beautiful, Pretty	انیق
Afzaal	Collect bounty	افضال
Abdul-salam	Variant Of Abdal Salam: Servant Of Peace	عبد السلام
Alva	In english meaning is : Noble friend,elf friend or old friend.	الوا
Atish	Fire	آتش
Abadah	Endurance, Durability, Strength, Worshippers	عبادہ
Ausaf	Qualities, Virtues	اوصاف
Ashkan	Name Of The 3rd Dynasty Of Persian Kings	اشکن
Anif	Lofty,Noble,Sahabi	عنيف
Abdan	Is derived from abd	أبدا
Azmeer	Clever, pious.	أزمير
Azain	Decoration.	أزين
Aiz	Mare	ایز
Ata	Ancestor	عطاء
Abdul-hameed	Variant Of Abdul-Hamid: Servant Of The Praiseworthy. The Ever-Praised	عبد الحمید
Abba	In hebrew meaning is : Father	ابا
Abdal-hadi	Servant Of The Leader	عبدالحادی
Asbah	Dawn, Morning	عصبہ
Ajwad	Better, Best	اجود
Abd-al-jabbar	Servant Of The Mighty	عبد الجبار
Azizi	Precious	عزیزی
Afeef	Chaste Modest	عفیف
Al-yasa'	The Biblical Elijah Is The English Language Equivalent	الیاسا
Abu lahab	Father Of The Flame	ابُو لہب
Amanat	Security Deposit	امانت
Abdar	Glassy,Shiny clean	آبدار
Aneeq	Love In The Arms Going To The Neck	عنیق
Ajim	Zeal, Fire, Heat	اجیم
Abdul-ghaffar	In Sindhi meaning is : Servant of the forgiver.	عبد الغفار
Aron	A Former Persian Province In Caucasus, Which Is Now Part Of The Republic Of Azerbaijan.	ارون
Ataullah	Gift of Allah.	عطالله
Allama	Very learned	علامة
Anosha	Groom	انوشہ
Azil	Wigging	عازل
Awaiz	Decorated, decked.	أوز
Ariq	Deep Rooted	آرق
Abdul-jabbar	One Who Serves The Comforter	عبد الجبار
Ameer	Commander; Prince	امیر
Al Rafi	One of the names of Allah.	ال رفیع
Arz	Earth, Ground	عرض
Arwah	Breeze, Wind, Fragrance	اروه
Azzam	Determined	عزام
Abdu	Worshiper of god (swahili origin )	ابدُ
Abaravand	Above All	اباراوند
Akay	Near a full moon or illuminating light of full moon, full moon.	آکے
Auf	Luck, Good Fortunate	اُف
Aqil	Wise	عاقل
Aqidah	Faith, Belief	عقیدہ
Abadard	Prosperous	ابدرد
Adim	Entire Universe,, Earth	آدِم
Abdul Muqeet	Slave of the Sustainer	عبدل مقیت
Abu darda	Father Of A Toothless Old Woman	ابُو دردا
Abraz	Most Prominent, Most Distinctive	ابراز
Alvi	Fan of Hazrat Ali (RA)	علوی
Aqrab	Zodiac Sign Of Scorpio	عقرب
Abdul-quddus	In Sindhi meaning is : Servant of the Holy.	عبد القدوس
Abdul-majeed	Variant Of Abdul-Majid: One Who Serves A Glorious Man	عبد المجید
Aseer	Preferred, noble, exquisite.	أصير
Abdul Kabir	Slave of the Great	عبدل کبیر
Asadi	Like A Lion	اسادی
Al Burhan	The proof.	ال برہان
Allah Bakhsh	Gift of Allah.	الله بخش
Asham	Cloud, Raven	آشام
Abdul-khaliq	Variant Of Abdul-Khaaliq: Servant Of The Creator	عبد الخالق
Ajab	Wonder, Astonishment	عجب
Abdul-karim	Variant Of Abdul-Kareem: One Who Serves A Generous Man	عبد الکریم
Abu' bakr	Father Of A Young Camel	ابُو بکر
Ansab	Altar Stones	انسب
Afsar	Better, Explained, Officer	افسر
Abu Huzaifah	A famous Sahabi of Rasoolull	ابو حذیفہ
Ahraz	Protection, piety.	أحرز
Ali Abbas	Uncle name of Muhammad (S.A.W)	علی عباس
Abdul-haseeb	Servant Of The Respected, Esteemed	عبد الحسیب
Abdul Ali	Slave of the High one	عبدل علی
Abdul-matin	Variant Of Abdul Mateen: Servant Of The Firm. Strong	عبد المتین
Aidh	Name of a reciter of the Holy Quran	ايده
Abdul-raheem	Variant Of Abdul-Rahim: Servant Of The Most Compassionate	عبد الرحیم
Armeen	A Character In Shahnameh (Key-ghobad's Son)	ارمین
Adeem	Rare	عدیم
Aimer	Fortunate	عوئمر
Abdul-alim	Variant Of Abdul-Aleem: Servant Of The Omniscient	عبدالعلیم
Abdul Musawwir	Servant of the Fashioner	عبدل مصویر
Akhyar	Better, Best	اخیار
Alaa	Nobility, Excellence	اعلٰی
Aaliyan	High, Supreme, Exalted, Great	عالیان
Ab Ul Hasan	Hassan's father, Syedna Hazrat Ali's surname	ابو الحسن
Abasin	The Indus River	بسين
Abedin	Worshippers	عابدین
Asmad	Helpful	اصمد
Abd-al-bari	Servant Of Allah	عبد الباری
Abdul-latif	Variant Of Abdul-Lateef: One Who Serves A Kind Man	عبد الطیف
Ammarah	Punctual, Obedient	عمارہ
Abadilat	Abdullahs	عبادلت
Azib	Bachelor, Unmarried	آضب
Ashta	Messenger, Prophet	اشتا
Abdel-hadi	Servant Of The Leader	عبدالحادی
Abeel	Healthy	عبیل
Abed	Worshipper, Adorer	عابد
Ahda	Best Guide	احد
Aabid Ahmed	Worshiper, One Who Worship Allah, God KnowsPraise Worthy, Noble, Commendable, Name Of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH)	عابد احمد
Aufa	Faithful	اُوفا
Amat	Slave	عمات
Abasi	Stern	عباسی
Abbasiyah	Pertaining To Abbas	عباسیہ
Aaghir	Righteous, Upright, Pious	آغر
Abdul munim	Servant Of The Benefactor	عبد المُنیم
Abdul-kadir	Variant Of Abdul-Qadir: One Who Serves A Capable Man	عبد الکادر
Aabid Ali	Worshiper, One Who Worship Allah, God KnowsCousin Brother of Prophet Muhammad (P.B.U. H), Fourth caliph Ali ibn Abi Talib	عابد علی
Altair	In greek meaning is : Star.	الطیر
Abdul-muqtadir	In Sindhi meaning is : Servant of the Powerful.	عبد المقتدر
Ahzab	Troops, Parties	عہزب
Arjiya	Youthful	عریجیہ
Abdul Wali	Servant of the Governor	عبدل ولی
Al Safi	Clear, pure, fine.	ال صفی
Ateeb	Very clean, Purity	اطیب
Azm	Aim	عظم
Abann	Tall, Strong	ابن
Abdul-haq	Servant Of The Truth	عبدالحق
Abood	Worship	عبود
Aram	Quiet	ارم
Ajda	Useful, Advantageous	اجدا
Abdul Mueed	Slave of the Restorer, the Reproducer	عبدل معید
Avan	Water	اون
Afreed	Was created creatures	آفرید
Aimal	Friend	اېمل
Abab	Healthy, chubby, tall	اعباب
Ahsanullah	Favor of God.	أحسنلله
Abdul-rasheed	Servant Of The Rightly Guided	عبدالرشید
Abanus	Ebony	آبانوس
Ayash	Rich	عیاش
Abdallah	Servants Of Allah	عبداللہ
Aster	Equivalent, scales	اسطر
Aslan	Lion	اسلان
Akid	Certain, Strong, Firm	اکید
Abdul-ghani	In Sindhi meaning is : Servant of the Self-Sufficient.	عبد الغنی
Abdal-jabbar	Variant Of Abdal-Jabir: Servant Of The Comforter	عبد الجبار
Abdul Adheem	Servant of the Most Great	عبدل ادھیم
Aabid Hussain	Worshiper, One Who Worship Allah, God KnowsGood, Handsome, Beautiful	عابد حسین
Aisar	Prioritizing	ایثار
Aarab	Water-filled Canal	عارب
Abanjar	Tall, Stout	ابنجر
Aadil Ali	Fairness, JusticeCousin Brother of Prophet Muhammad (P.B.U. H), Fourth caliph Ali ibn Abi Talib	عادل علی
Abbar	Strong	ابار
Abu Hanifa	Father of truth	ابو حنیفہ
Aseem	Variant Of Azim: Defender	عصیم
Abd-al-sami	Servant Of The All-hearing	عبدالسمی
Adel	Just, Upright, Sincere	عدل
Atin	Strong	اتن
Atem	Perfect, Inayat The	عاتم
Aarat	Artist	آرت
Abarin notavan	Great Rejuvenator	عبران نوٹوں
Abdal-ati	Servant Of Allah	عبد العطی
Afrasiyab	A Character In Shahnameh (The King Of Turan)	افراسیاب
Afgan	The Loser	افگن
Abdulla	Servant Of Allah, Servant Of God	عبداللہ
Aqdam	Superior To All, Boldest	عقدام
Artin	Name Of A Medes King Righteous	عرتن
Abdul Wasi	Slave of the All Embracing	عبدل وسیع
Abdul Rafi	Servant of the One Who Raises, Elevates (intellect, esteem)	عبدل رفیع
Arim, Aram	--	عارم
Abay	Being talented	ابے
Azaam	High GRADE	عظام
Abdul-kareem	Variant Of Abdul-Karim: One Who Serves A Generous Man	عبد الکریم
Abdul Qadeer	Qadeer,High power	عبدالقدیر
Agha	Another Name For God	آغا
Anoush	Eternal	انُش
Abs	Austere, Frowning	ابس
Artan	Name Of Dariush's Father-in-law	عرتن
Azraq	Blue, name of a companion of the Prophet	أزرق
Aafeen Hussain	Those Who Forgive, To Forgive MistakeGood, Handsome, Beautiful	عافین حسین
Aiel	Darwish adjectives	عائل
Aqa	Variant Of Agha: Master, Owner	آقا
Aadil Ahmed	Fairness, JusticePraise Worthy, Noble, Commendable, Name Of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH)	عادل احمد
Absaar	Seeing, Sight	ابصار
Albara	Wholesome with innocence	البارا
Afrad	Single, Unique	افراد
Akeem	Wise	أقيم
Abdus Subhan	Servant of the Gloryah).	عبدل سبحان
Abyad	A narrator of hadith	أبيض
Aran	A Former Persian Province In Caucasus, Which Is Now Part Of The Republic Of Azerbaijan.	ارن
Abarunkohuntavan	Lord Of Creation From Time Unknown, Preserver Of Ancient Things	ابارونکوہونتاوان
Azli	From the beginning.	ازلي
